[music]
[applause]
they killed him
[music]
sometimes a radio operator
on the night of August 17 of the current year in
Bostandyk district of Almaty street
District south of Al-Farabi Avenue
there was a serious traffic
incident which resulted
two people were killed bodies of inquiry
It was found that the car cadillac
escalade was moving along street areas
southbound cars subaru
impreza in the opposite ie in
north direction not yet established
who is the driver of a gross violation of traffic rules
provoked this accident but
the consequences were pretty
lamentable three people suffered yet
two people died in the number of victims
drivers of both cars and
also passenger this car
subaru impreza they were all
hospitalized central city
clinical hospital a among the dead
both dead and seemed passengers
car subaru is a young man and
girl
No injuries received
head injuries both people
passed away unfortunately
accidents
management to knowledge dvd of the city of Almaty
on signs of crime
provided for in article 296 63 this is an accident
death will be the spirit of man
criminal case initiated